1. The three types of power

    Implicit Power - like CEO - you can say you should do this
    Granted Power(informal power) -  everybody comes to for problems, for mentoring, training, issues
    Personal Power - You ability to get back on your feet after you have suffered the setback.
    
    Problems 
    1. Lead developer looses trust on solution architect. - you need to resolve it by involving him
         Solutions
             Empower your LD
             Always present as united front
             Be open to feedback
             change architecture if needed(mostly avoid it but if it is really needed then do it)
             
    2. Functional Requirements are invalid
      Symptoms - functional analyst Disengage with project.
                  there might be a conflct between user representtative with functional analyst. You need to fix it other wise its gonna blame you, eventhough you are not a functional analyst.
                  Solutions;
                     Find the reason
                     try to restore the personal power of FA
                     Escalate up if needed(CTO or CEO)
                    
   3. Optimistic Planning
        Project management makes a planning way too optimistics
        Symptoms - QA disappears
                  - LEad developer also will also become a developer, there will be no code review                     since there is not time, he also robbed of personal power                  
                  - Project manager may not be able to understand the problem is caused by him
        Solutions: here solution architect can step in and can solve by doing below things
                  Bring the PM on the dev team
                  Find the reason: optimistic PM, naive LD or slow devs?
                  Coach LD / Restucture devs / Readjust schedule/ Alter planning
   
   4. Architecture role holds no power
         Problem : They see you as a producer of documentation and there is no communication between you and LD and FA
         Solution : you need to education CTO how important your communication really is. Become the owner of entire process.
                  -
